OpenVDB:
  New features:
  - Significant performance improvements across many tools with the introduction
    of targeted SIMD support to the core library. The main framework advancement
    is the introduction of Agner Fog's vectorclass library (VCL) as an optional
    dependency, specificlly for x86 instruction set architecture intrinsic support.
    This allows for programmatic selection of desired SIMD widths, independent
    of the targets supported SIMD extension, as well as access to a comprehensive
    vectorized math library. See https://github.com/vectorclass/version2.

    Using VCL can be controlled via the USE_VCL build option. The desired x86
    ISA can be provided via OPENVDB_X86_INSTRSET.

    To support other platforms and plan for future transitions, a generic SIMD
    interface has been introduced in simd/Simd.h. When VCL is not in use, this
    interface falls back to representing SIMD types as math::Tuple<> containers
    of an equal or fallback size. This encourages the design of SIMD compatible
    code which can be auto-vectorized, regardless of the underlying SIMD
    acceleration library in use.

  Improvements:
  - Vectorized rasterizeSdf(SphereSettings), improving performance upwards of 2x
    on x86 and 1.5x on other platforms.
  - Introduced new component wise arithmetic and relational operators for
    math::Tuple instantiations for use with fallback SIMD support.
  - Using Limiter::CLAMP when advecting vector fields through VolumeAdvect now
    clamps each vector component individually rather than resetting out-of-range
    vector values to the entire min or max value.
  - Deprecated the relational Vec2, Vec3 and Vec4 less than and greater than
    class operators, as their behaviour is ambiguous and can lead to generic
    code which is not correct. Note that these operators primary use was to
    easily support stl container and algorithm usage (e.g. std::map<Vec, Other>,
    std::sort(), etc). In these cases, the deprecation warning will NOT fire.
    You can disable the operators entirely via OPENVDB_ENABLE_VEC_RELATIONAL_OPERATIONS=OFF
    to find any instances you may be relying on. This new build option will
    switch to OFF in the future and the operators will subsequently be removed.

  Build:
  - Introduced OPENVDB_X86_INSTRSET to supersede the OPENVDB_SIMD build define.
    This option takes an integer which corresponds to a suite of x86 ISA flags.
    Defaults to 0 if not provided. See the root CMakeLists for all available
    values.
  - New build options to control x86 ISA targetting. USE_VCL controls the use
    Agner Fog's VCL SIMD wrapper library and will automatically compute
    OPENVDB_X86_INSTRSET based on the compiler and provided CXX flags if unset.
    OPENVDB_X86_INSTRSET should typically be set by the installer.
